rapper little Wayne is in jail for
possessing a weapon
no he had a semi-automatic gun on his
bus back in 2007 so he got eight months
sentence and he just recently got caught
with gear to listen to music so
headphones and iPod and the jail
considers that contraband mm-hmm so
since he had that they decided okay for
his last month in jail we are going to
put him in solitary confinement okay now
in solitary confinement you spent 23
hours alone okay and you get one hour to
go out and shower and walk around and in
fact you actually cannot interact with
the other inmates anyway right but at
least you get to go outside of yourself
now in normal jail you get to make a
call about once a day right solitary
confinement one call a week a week
you're not allowed to have visitors
other than your lawyer you're not
allowed to watch television
you're literally cooped up in your jail
cell 23 hours a day with no contact from
the outside world other than a guard who
gives you food right I think that would
drive me crazy no okay thank you
look I'm not I'm not some crazy little
Wayne lover you know whatever but what
did he do
he had gear to listen to music the
rapper god forbid had gear to listen to
music and they're gonna put him in
solitary confinement for a month now if
that wasn't enough for you where they
really lost me it turns out he could get
that stuff from the commissary anyway
right it's just that this was slightly
better equipment that was unauthorized
that's your punishment I mean look I
don't understand this role first of all
he's in Ch like people walk in with guns
to political rallies and that's okay
right
this guy's got somebody had a gun on his
bus he goes to g-get sent us for a year
is gonna serve eight months one month in
solitary right now I know it depends on
the jurisdiction it depends on if he had
a license I get all that right but at
the same time is that appropriate
punishment
I don't one side is allowed to have all
the guns in the world but you didn't
write for the right paperwork you gonna
go to jail for eight months like Lindsay
Lohan will like rub cocaine in a cops
face be like here's what I'm
that's lording here you take this right
she goes to jail for like 13 seconds
right so I don't and then he has the
wrong kind of headset for his music
right solitary for a month no and look
that's crazy I hate the idea of solitary
confinement because I'm convinced that
it causes psychological damage okay and
you know I I understand why some
individuals in prison should be put in
solitary confinement confinement for a
certain amount of time but in my mind
the only people who deserve that are
those who are violent those who cause a
threat not people that are listening to
music while they're in jail that's
insanity okay but that's a severe
punishment for something so small and my
guess now I'm just guessing here is that
if they they probably didn't like you
know he probably rubbed the warden or
the guards or whoever is supervising him
the wrong way because that's such a
thing that they could just say hey I'm
gonna throw than garbage and now you
have to go buy from the commissary or
they can do this insanely harsh
punishment instead and they they use
that discretion in this way if they
didn't like him in the first place you
see what I'm saying so it ain't right
man it ain't right I mean on the upside
it'll help of street cred but you know
I'm sure that's worth losing your but he
doesn't help Lindsay Lohan street cred
if she's in jail but a little Wayne
you're like Oh weapons charge it's
nicely done